Let go of my Mrs. Sun, Mrs. Sun.
This is Mrs. Sun from the Jiang family
No way, this protector is the granddaughter-in-law of the Xingjing family of the Jiang family, the Fengguan family
What are you talking about? Don’t you believe what I said?
Even if the boss thinks our Jiang family’s black card is fake,
But the invitation card personally sent by Xiao Group
It can't be fake, right?
Let go. This is a misunderstanding. This flood has washed away the Dragon King Temple.
The family no longer knows the family. Who knows the family?
Are you the one bullying my Mrs. Sun?
Mrs. Sun
You're not hurt, are you?
I'm fine. Lao Feng didn't expect that
You are so good at skills
If it were before
None of them can get up
Not as good as Master Sun
too much
Even if you are from the Jiang family
It's not your housekeeper's turn to talk or hear anything.
There is an outstanding entrepreneur named Zhao from other places.
I want to transfer my industry to Linjiang
I'm talking about you, right?
Just know
Those present here are all heads of various groups.
It's not the butler's turn to talk here yet
Actually hit me
You are so scary, how dare you hit me, President Zhao?
you're new here
Let me first stipulate your first rule
In Linjiang Province
As long as they are from the Jiang family
Whether it's washing the floor or scanning books
They are all more noble than bosses like you.